1. Assignment 1:
Create a HTML5 web page which is used for a Stock Trading App which looks like below screen shot.

Requirements: a. The stock ticker symbol and price as below should be displayed in a table format b. The Stock trading form below should allow the user to enter the TICKER symbol and the quantity of shares that the user wishes to purchase. c. The shares/stocks can be purchased only in block of 10s (ie 10 shares, 20 shares, 30 shares…..). Validate that the ‘quantity’ input can only take numbers as its value and min is 10 and max is 100 and can be bought only in blocks of 10s as discussed earlier. d. (optional) You can apply styling attributes to this web page through CSS

2. Assignment 2:
Create a Web Page for an Event Management Company "Xena Events" which is conducting a hot balloon riding event from Feb 28th 2017 onwards for 5 days.

The Web Page should have the below:

Heading with appropriate name and logo.

A form where people can register for this event with the below details: a. Name : should allow only alphabets. b. Age : should be equal to or greater than 18. c. Email ID : should be a valid email id format d. City: On clicking on the text box, Should display a list that contains city names as "Rajkot", "Vizag" and "Bangalore" but whatever the user enters also should be shown in the list

Note: All entries are "mandatory".

3. Assignment – 3
Create a Web Page with two horizontal sections.

The top horizontal section should have the heading "Awesome Online videos" along with an image acting as a logo.

The bottom horizontal section should have a view area to play the video of the week.

Under the view area, there should be only 2 buttons "play" and "pause" which the user can use to play or pause the video of the week.

(Optional) both the sections should also give the option to the user to select the color which will be used as the background color for that section.

4. Assignment – 4
On the Web Page of Agricultural Statistical Department of GOI, we need to show the line chart of the yield of Bajra from 2001 to 2007.

The values are as follows (in lakh tonnes)

2001 : 281
2002 : 277
2003 : 275
2004 : 457
2005 : 200
2006 : 280
2007 : 150

a. Use Canvas and related methods to draw the line chart.
b. You are free to use any styles/colors of your choice
5. Assignment- 5
For the BCCI (Board of Control for Cricket in India) web page, we need to show a line chart for the batting statistics of the Indian team for a T20 cricket match.

The details are as follows:

Over Runs 5 - 40
10 - 75
15 - 140
20 - 210

c. Use Canvas and related methods to draw the line chart.
d. You are free to use any styles/colors of your choice





HTML Practice Exercise

•	Create the html file at the top of page 15 in your book
o	Create the file using a plain text editor such as Notepad
o	Save it as Exercise1.htm
The default file type is .txt. If you do not save your file as .htm instead of .txt if will not display as a web page when you open the file,
o	Open the file in your browser to verify it is correct
To open the file: double click the file or 
Open your browser, hold the ctrl key and type O, click Browse to locate your saved file, highlight the file, Open the file, and click OK. 
•	 As you read the chapters in the SAMS’ book try the examples by typing them into a plain text editor, save and view them to see what happens

Prepare for the quiz and your first HTML assignment. 

Answer the following questions as you read chapters 1 and 2.  
1.	What special character is used in an ending HTML tag?
2.	What tags surround the part of an HTML file that appears to the user on the HTML page? 
3.	What are the two main parts of an html file? What tags create them?
4.	What are the delimiters for HTML tags? (What characters surround most html tags?)
5.	What extension do you use to save an HTML file?


Answer the following questions as you read chapters 3 and 4.  

1.	What tags are needed to create headings?
2.	What tags are needed for the following?
a.	Bold
b.	Paragraph
c.	Line break
3.	Special characters start with_______ and end with ______.
4.	What is the symbol for inserting a space?
5.	What tag is needed to create a link? What attribute?
6.	What tag is needed to create a link to an e-mail address? What attribute?
7.	How can you distinguish a link to a URL from a link to an e-mail address?

The exercise and the questions are for practice to help prepare for the quiz and the first HTML assignment.

1] AGE Calculator

WAP to accept two values from text box -> convert to date format and print the difference between two dates

NOTE:- check validation first value should be less than second value

2] display digital clock on screen

3] Hide and seek game


4] person class 
	with name,address,DOB 
	methods
		acceptDetails();
		ageCalculate();
 		displayDetails();
1] how to filter the array data in javascript react--- Done
2] how get parent element javascript--- Done
3] add all elements in array javascript-- Done
4] add an element to an array javascript---Done
5] add 10 seconds to date javascript--Done
6] add 10px to width js--done
7] add 2 class names react--done
8] add 2 for hours in date timestamp js--done
9] add 7 days in date using jquery--done
10] add a route to a buttoin in angular--done
11] add a slash to string in javascript--done
12] how to run a filter having object [] in reactjs--done
13] how to use filter when returning jsx--done
14] Render JSX--done
15] How to Use JavaScript in JSX--done{}
16] How to Use array in JSX--done[]
17] How to define a component--done extends React.Component
18] What is the use of this.props.children---to access all the elements between opening and closing tags of the base element.
19] Finding a DOM node--- findDOMNode(this.refs.refname)---<div ref="refname"></div>
20] Write example to use this.state--done
21] Component Lifecycle--done--- 

Methods:- 1. Mounting:- render(),componentDidMount(),constructor()
	2. Update:- componentDidUpdate(),render()
	3.Unmounting:- componentWillUnmount()
	4. Error Handling:- componentDidCatch(), static getDerivedStateFromError().


